Features of FC-T lead-tin-antimony high-density extruded alloy anode:

The first generation: The traditional electroplating hard chromium anode has been using lead-antimony or lead-tin-antimony metal casting process for many years. The metallographic structure inside is loose, and defects such as cold shut, cast nodules, shrinkage cavity and oxide inclusions are easy to occur, resulting in In the process of ion movement in production, greater resistance is generated, thereby degrading the quality of the coating. However, the generation of large resistance not only leads to a decrease in production quality, but also generates high heat, which leads to an increase in electricity bills. As we all know, the melting point of lead metal or lead-tin metal is very low, so under the action of heat energy, the lead-tin alloy will gradually separate from the copper hook on the anode, eventually leading to the scrapping of the anode. Therefore, the service life of ordinary lead plates is generally about one year.

The second generation: The rolling technology is used on the basis of the casting process, so that the surface reaches a certain degree of smoothness, but the structure inside the surface layer cannot be changed, causing the plating solution to penetrate into the interior after consuming the surface layer and cause corrosion. Generally, it can be improved for half a year. About service life

The third generation: After summarizing many years of experience, we use high-density extrusion molding (1000-ton extrusion machine extrusion). After using high-quality lead-tin raw materials (purity ¡Ý 99.9%), adjusting the ratio of lead-tin content (tin content 3-10%, antimony content 2-3%, silver content 0.5-1%), optimizing the structure of the anode and special Extrusion process, the ultimate increase in the density of the metallographic structure and greatly improve the conductivity, thereby reducing the metal pollution of the plating solution, improving the dispersion ability of the plating solution and reducing the impurities of the plating solution, and the surface quality of the coating is improved. significantly improved. We also optimized the shape of the hook, which maximized the contact area between the hook and the copper rod, reduced the resistance, and improved the conduction efficiency, greatly improving the service life and conductivity of the anode, and the service life reached 3 years. Even products with high tin content have been more than 5 years, and the conductivity has generally increased by about 30%.

The reasonable use of FC-T lead-tin alloy anode in hard chrome plating can achieve a service life of 3-5 years or even longer, and save about 30% of electricity consumption, thus making a fundamental improvement in environmental protection
